#summary PhoneGap app

  * Use [https://code.google.com/p/gwt-phonegap/wiki/ContactsModule PhoneGap contacts] to retrieve all the *gmail* emails in your contacts. Convert the email textbox (where you enter the opponent's email) into a [http://google-web-toolkit.googlecode.com/svn/javadoc/1.5/com/google/gwt/user/client/ui/SuggestBox.html SuggestBox] (see [http://examples.roughian.com/index.htm#Widgets~SuggestBox SuggestBox example]) and populate the suggest box with all the *gmail* emails you retrieved.
  * Create a native mobile app using PhoneGap build system. Test your app on a mobile phone, and take a printscreen/photo of your phone that shows the SuggestBox with the *gmail* emails. In your commit message, supply a link to the printscreen/photo and another link for your android APK file, for example [https://build.phonegap.com/apps/195523/download/android]. 
  
Note that I already added gwtphonegap-2.4.0.0.jar to our SVN lib directory. (You will need to add it to your eclipse class path.)

I recommend following [http://blog.daniel-kurka.de/2012/04/gwt-rpc-with-phonegap-revisited.html these] instructions to set up PhoneGap and GWT RPC.

The combination of Google-login and phonegap is creating a challenge, because after login you are directed to your appspot URL, which cannot use phonegap (it is on a different domain).
You can either replace Google login with a fake login (just have an input box to enter your email), 
*or* solve it in the following way:
 # Create a random long number, call it XXX
 # Before login, make an RPC call and save the mapping of XXX to the gmail contacts.
 # Redirect to login and use a URL that contains XXX (so after login succeeds, redirect to `http://BLABLA.appspot.com/YOUR_HTML.html?key=XXX`)
 # Get XXX from the URL, and use it to retrieve the gmail contacts from the server.

To make Channel API work on phonegap, don't forget to change 
{{{
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_ah/channel/jsapi"></script>
}}}
to:
{{{
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://BLABLA.appspot.com/_ah/channel/jsapi"></script>
}}}

To make RPC work on phonegap, you need to add the correct CORS headers to your appengine. You will need to make the following changes:
1) Load the JS from your appspot:
{{{
    <script type="text/javascript" language="javascript" src="http://BLABLA.appspot.com/YOUR_MODULE/YOUR_MODULE.nocache.js"></script>
}}}
2) Call `setServiceEntryPoint` on your service GWT object. For example:
{{{
   service = GWT.create(XXXService.class);
   ((ServiceDefTarget) service).setServiceEntryPoint("http://blabla.appspot.com/yourService");
}}}
(see [http://google-web-toolkit.googlecode.com/svn/javadoc/latest/com/google/gwt/user/client/rpc/ServiceDefTarget.html#setServiceEntryPoint(java.lang.String) setServiceEntryPoint])

3) Add CORS headers on the server side like this:
{{{
public class XXXXServiceImpl extends RemoteServiceServlet ... {
  public static void addHeadersForCORS(HttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp) {
    resp.setHeader("Access-Control-Allow-Methods", "POST"); // "GET, HEAD, POST, PUT, DELETE, TRACE, OPTIONS");
    resp.setHeader("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*");
    resp.setHeader("Access-Control-Allow-Headers", "X-GWT-Module-Base, X-GWT-Permutation, Content-Type"); 
  }

  @Override
  protected void doOptions(HttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp) {
    addHeadersForCORS(req, resp);
  }

  @Override
  protected void onAfterResponseSerialized(String serializedResponse) {
    super.onAfterResponseSerialized(serializedResponse);
    addHeadersForCORS(getThreadLocalRequest(), getThreadLocalResponse());
  }
}}}

Make sure `config.xml` is configured properly (see [https://build.phonegap.com/docs/config-xml config.xml]), i.e., you request the contacts permission and you have `<access origin="*"/>`

I recommend doing the assignment in pieces:
  # Change the opponent input text box to a suggestion box (you can use fake data, i.e., a couple of fake gmail emails),
  # Make sure everything works on your computer (locally) while connecting to your appspot. I.e., you can surf to your app locally (`file://...`) and your app will connect to appengine server (`http://BLABLA.appspot.com`). Test that both RPC calls and Channel API work properly.
  # Try it on phonegap build - make sure everything works from your android phone/tablet.
  # Use phonegap's Contacts API: extract the gmail contacts and put them in the suggestion box. In this part students had problem with Google-login, and I recommended removing Google-login and having a fake login (where you just give your email).