#summary HW3

==Individual HW3==
Graphics for your game (MVP + unit tests for Presenters).
See the skeleton of Yoav Zibin's HW3 [https://code.google.com/p/nyu-gaming-course-2013/source/detail?r=468 here].

You should be able to play your game in the browser with yourself, i.e., two human players playing in the same browser (there is no artificial intelligence or network communication in this homework).

When the game ends, there should be a message that shows which color won (or if it is a draw). 
You should have an option to start a new game.

Add [https://developers.google.com/web-toolkit/doc/latest/DevGuideCodingBasicsHistory history support], i.e., you can use the back and forward buttons in the browser to move the game state back and forward.

Upload your game to AppEngine, and add a link to your game in your commit message. Note that in this HW, you do not have any server-side code (you only upload HTML, JS, and CSS to AppEngine).

You may copy code from last year's course:
  # Chinese chess: [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/xiangqi/XiangqiGraphics.java View] and [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/xiangqi/XiangqiGraphics.ui.xml UiBinder] and [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/xiangqi/XiangqiPresenter.java Presenter]
  # Checkers: [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/checkers/Graphics.java View] and [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/checkers/Graphics.ui.xml UiBinder] and [https://code.google.com/p/gaming-platform/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/gaming-platform/src/org/gaming/client/games/checkers/Presenter.java Presenter]
  

Example of how history was done last semester:
[https://code.google.com/p/nyu-gaming-course-2013/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/src/org/simongellis/hw3/Presenter.java?spec=svn590&r=590 Presenter with History]. Look at how `History` class was used, and look at the `serializeState` and `unserializeState` methods that change a state into a string and back.

The relevant code:
{{{
History.newItem(serializeState(state));

        public void initializeHistory() {
                History.addValueChangeHandler(new ValueChangeHandler<String> () {
                        @Override
                        public void onValueChange(ValueChangeEvent<String> event) {
                                String historyToken = event.getValue();
                                setState(unserializeState(historyToken));
                        }
                });
                String startState = History.getToken();
                setState(unserializeState(startState));
                initializedHistory = true;
        }
}}}


Example of how mockito was used last semester to test the Presenter class:
[https://code.google.com/p/nyu-gaming-course-2013/source/browse/trunk/eclipse/test/org/simongellis/hw3/PresenterTest.java?spec=svn529&r=529 PresenterTest with Mockito]
The relevant code:
{{{
        @Before
        public void setup() {
                presenter = new Presenter();
                view = Mockito.mock(Presenter.View.class);
                ...
                HasClickHandlers dummyResetButton = Mockito.mock(HasClickHandlers.class);
                when(view.getResetButton()).thenReturn(dummyResetButton);
                presenter.setView(view);
        }

        @Test
        public void testCheckmateDisplayed() {
                GameResult whiteCheckmate = new GameResult(Color.WHITE, GameResultReason.CHECKMATE);
                ...
                State state = new State(
                                Color.BLACK,
                                board,
                                ...
                                whiteCheckmate);
                presenter.setState(state);
                verify(view).setGameResult(whiteCheckmate);
        }
}}}


You will need to start a GWT project for HW3. I never showed you how it's done, but it's pretty simple, e.g., this URL explains how to create an empty GWT project (I recommend letting eclipse generating sample code - it will make things easier on you):
[http://www.gwtproject.org/doc/latest/tutorial/create.html#create GWT tutorial].
After you created the sample GWT project, then you can copy your java classes to the "shared" directory (that directory is shared between server and client code). Then create a state instance from the GWT code, and make sure GWT compilation succeeds. Then continue to building the UI...

==Group HW3==
Start implementing your roadmap.
Every week you should add a slide to [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YyhLG0aKsBZe18udbKUo8d79bKqWMXkW-eZVh6SJOXI/edit#slide=id.p our slides] that describes your progress: you should always first mention what you promised to do last week (or in your roadmap), what you accomplished doing, and what you're planning to do next week (so the pattern is: past, present, future).

Also add additional slides with interesting code snippets, printscreens, links, video demos, or anything else you wish to share.